net: lib: nrf_cloud: UUID as the default device ID (#28845)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud` library:

  * Updated:

>     * Changed the default device ID source from :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CLIENT_ID_SRC_IMEI` to the device UUID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * By changing the default device ID source from :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CLIENT_ID_SRC_IMEI` to the device UUID.
```

>       On nRF9160 the default is now :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CLIENT_ID_SRC_INTERNAL_UUID`, which reads the UUID from the JWT ``iss`` claim and preserves compatibility with field devices provisioned through older nrfcloud-utils flows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      On an nRF9160 device, the default is now :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CLIENT_ID_SRC_INTERNAL_UUID`, which reads the UUID from the JWT ``iss`` claim and preserves compatibility with field devices provisioned through older nrfcloud-utils flows.
```

>       On nRF91x1 and future SoCs the default is :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CLIENT_ID_SRC_MDM_DEVICE_UUID`, which reads the UUID via ``AT%DEVICEUUID`` without pulling in :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MODEM_JWT`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      On the nRF91x1 and future SoCs, the default is :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CLIENT_ID_SRC_MDM_DEVICE_UUID`, which reads the UUID using ``AT%DEVICEUUID`` without pulling in :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MODEM_JWT`.
```

* :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud` library:

  * Updated:

    * Changed the default device ID source from :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CLIENT_ID_SRC_IMEI` to the device UUID.
      On nRF9160 the default is now :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CLIENT_ID_SRC_INTERNAL_UUID`, which reads the UUID from the JWT ``iss`` claim and preserves compatibility with field devices provisioned through older nrfcloud-utils flows.
      On nRF91x1 and future SoCs the default is :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CLIENT_ID_SRC_MDM_DEVICE_UUID`, which reads the UUID via ``AT%DEVICEUUID`` without pulling in :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MODEM_JWT`.
      Each option is constrained to its target SoC at the Kconfig level.

>       See the |NCS| migration guide for the impact on existing devices that relied on the previous IMEI default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      See the :ref:`migration_3.4` for the impact on existing devices that relied on the previous IMEI default.
```
